

Critical: Verify Stack Load Process
 1) Load All Stacks from Disk
 2) Activate the System Stack
 3) Activate any stack enabled in config.json (Write database option to enable there as well)
 3) Load enabled option for all Stacks from database 
 4) Activate any stack enabled in the database.
 5) Connect relationships
 6) Sync database

 Activation Process:
	1) If stack is "system" then sync these models: "stack", "menu"
	2) Check stack exists in stacks model.
	3) Add or Edit the Stack
	4) Add all models for the stack (These are automatically added to the sequel

Default Configuration: Auto-enable all detected stacks

Features in Development:
    Need to create the HotspringJob to allow running a job from a database entry.
        Screen to create a Job from a Hotspring Job Template.
        Job Server to execute pending HotspringJobs
        Job Status Reporting
        Automatic Rescheduling Jobs that are set to be scheduled
        Alerting when jobs stop that are "Service" jobs
    Update Models to allow multi-column pkeys
    Update Models to create relationships
    Add to hotspringServer Initialize to fetch configuration from the database if initialized.

Next Features to Develop:
    When database is initialized in the beginning, the menu items are trying to create before the table is created.                     
    Implement a Data Interaction Object that is passed to jobs and routes.
        This object will contain only the models that the job or route declares it needs with declared permissions.
    Add support for a Virtual Model that aggregates Data but has relationships and fields (really a view)


Future Features:
    Implement User Login Process (Global on/off for this function)
    Add "Security Filtering" to models that is always applied for current users.
    Add a "compressed" field to a sequelize Deifinition to allow specifying to use zlib.

Possible Bugs:
    Update HotspringModel to throw a proper error if sequelizeObject is undefined.
    There is a bug in the express routing module I created that allows for "/api/system/model/system/stack" to actually call "/api/system/stack"

Completed:
    